- Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 372, recorded February 20th, 2024.
And I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And I'm Brian Okken.
- This episode is brought to you by Scout APM.
Super psyched to have them supporting the show.
So we'll tell you more about them later,
but please check them out.
The link is in the podcast player show notes
or on the website.
If you are one of the lucky ones, Brian,
who is attending this live,
they got here by going to pythonbytes.fm/live,
crushing the bell, saying get notified.
They got notified when this comes on, when it's scheduled.
And here they are.
For those of you who are just listening,
we super appreciate that anyway.
So, however you're listening, thank you, thank you.
Connect with us over on Mastodon,
we're on Fossodon, @brianocken, @mkennedy,
and @pythonbytes.
Brian, before we jump into the news,
and before I forget, I just wanna make a quick announcement.
I will be at PyCon Philippines starting,
I leave tomorrow at, I fly from Portland to San Francisco
at 8 p.m., and then I leave San Francisco at midnight.
So who knows what state I'm gonna be in,
but I'm pretty sure with the time zone change
and the travels and all this,
there's not gonna be a Python Bytes next week.
So we're gonna be probably skipping next week,
which is a good chance for people to catch up
if they fell behind.
- Yeah, and also I'm jealous,
and I hope you have a great time.
- Thank you very much.
I'm gonna have a great time.
I worked, was writing the keynote speech yesterday,
and it's gonna be good.
It's coming together nicely.
So it's always nerve-wracking.
I don't know how, what is your way of working
on talks and stuff?
Like I wanna be prepared,
and I'm the kind of person that would get prepared
a month or two months early,
but then if I write the stuff and then put it away
and then come back to it,
I've kind of lost the inspiration
and the nuances and the details.
So I don't wanna write it too soon,
but I also don't wanna wait 'til the last minute.
So there's this weird trade-off, I feel.
I, mostly I try, I usually try to cover too much stuff
in talks, so I try to narrow it down.
And then, yeah, I practice the heck out of it.
The ones where some talks,
I like am fiddling with the slides too much
until like five minutes beforehand,
and that goes terribly.
So I, yeah, I like to do it early in practice.
- All right, well, over to you.
I know you have a big announcement.
- Yeah. - I heard you're coming
in first.
Yeah, you are, okay.
- Am I first?
Yeah.
I'm pretty excited.
The folks at Astral, including Charlie Marsh and others,
have released UV, a Python packaging,
it's Python packaging in Rust,
and it's not another packaging tool.
It is the Python end.
So like replacing, this is actually incredible.
It's replacing Pip, pip tools and Virtualamp
all in one new Rust-driven tool.
Their announcement said maybe UV represents a milestone
in our pursuit of cargo for Python,
comprehensive Python project and package manager
that's fast, reliable, and easy to use.
They're also kind of, it's interesting,
combined in this announcement is that they're taking,
Astral is taking stewardship of Armin Roenicker's Rai tool.
That's an experimental tool.
So I'm not sure what that has to do with this,
but I don't know, it's interesting.
But have you given this a try yet?
- Oh, yes.
I am so psyched about this.
Charlie and team, congratulations,
'cause this is setting the world on fire
in a lot of interesting ways.
So I, you know, Charlie aimed this right at like my style
of programming and working with Python dependencies
and projects.
So on one hand we have just the pip, pip-free side, right?
And then on the other, you've got the poetry
and other pip-inf where you've got like some other API
that kind of manages everything.
And I want some of the benefits of that,
but I want it to be just a simple requirement.txt
or something like that in the end, right?
- Yeah.
- And so I use pip tools and pip tools will go and say,
okay, what do you say you actually need?
And then let's build out what would be
into the virtual environment after that.
And it's great, but you know, the command pip compile,
like for mine, I don't know how long it takes,
probably 15 seconds to pip compile, update the list
of things for Talk Python Training.
I think there's 250 dependencies in the dev version.
It's out of control.
And it just takes a real, real long time with this instant.
And it's just so good.
They have some benchmarks up there
and it's like pip sync versus UV.
Pip sync is like 60 milliseconds
versus almost five seconds, right?
Those are different types.
It's, it just happens versus you,
like, okay, hold on, it's working.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- And what's really pretty interesting is
that it looks like it's gotten a lot of,
it's not necessarily that it's just
because it's written in rough, rough, rust,
reading rough as I'm saying that,
not just that it's written in rust,
which it happens to be,
'cause that's the vibe of Astral, right?
Starting with the rough stuff,
but that they've maybe unlocked some different algorithms
or techniques or something like that,
where even if it were in Python, it would be faster,
which is pretty interesting.
- Yeah, there's some caching that they've done
and of like site-wide caching and keeping,
also keeping pip actually makes sense
to have some of this stuff,
virtualenv and pip outside of the Python tool chain system
so that because you're gonna want it
in each virtual environment,
so having it installed outside is kind of interesting.
So yeah, I'm pretty, it's super fast.
The hope is to be API compatible
or at least interface compatible.
It's in the, they just don't have all of the features yet.
So, but like, I don't mean to say
that it's not worth trying already.
It is production ready right now.
And that's what they're, they've tested the heck out of it.
It's just that you have to like work with your workflow
to make sure that you work with it.
So I was amusingly trying it out yesterday
and ran into like three things right away that,
or two things that didn't work.
So I did, tried to use the dash dash prompt
to have virtualenv just create my virtual environment
with the same name and prompt isn't supported yet,
but it is, I went to file a defect and it was already fixed.
It just hasn't been released yet.
So, you know, probably by the time you listen to this,
it's probably been released and it'll work.
- They're doing a lot of releases, aren't they?
- Yeah, there's been seven releases in four days.
It's incredible and a really responsive team.
A lot of people are trying it out though.
So yeah, I'm glad they're responsive
'cause there's a bunch of issues people are working on.
It's really fun to watch.
The other thing was, oh,
oh, so virtual environments work really fast.
It's like so fast.
And the resolver actually is something
we don't really talk about too much,
but the resolver, like you said,
when you're pip installing something,
if you have like a requirements file,
you got a bunch of projects in it
or a bunch of things you're pulling in, dependencies,
they might have conflicting dependencies
or not really conflicting, but the rules are such
that you have to pick the right dependency
so that it matches both tools.
That's all done and it's super fast.
I'm really impressed with how this thing is.
And apparently everybody else is too
because almost immediately after the announcement.
So look at all these contributors.
We've got 32 contributors already.
These are not just people at Astral.
Like I know that Brett is not there.
So TOX has already announced
that there is a TOX-UV plugin
so that you can have TOX act faster too
and use UV for virtual and for pip also.
That makes it faster.
I think that's, and I'm sure there's more tools to come
that support, will support UV out of the box.
- Yeah, awesome.
I'm super excited, but I have a bunch of aliases
for my shell that I almost never type pip,
you know, Python dash MV.
Like I, unless I'm doing like some presentation
where I'm not sure that people would know
what the heck's going on.
So I'll just type VNV and that will do the magic
or when activated environments AE
or, you know, I want to install the requirements,
I'll say PR, right.
I rewrote all of those to move from using pip to using UV.
And it's basically like the same workflow for me,
just better.
- Well, one of the things that I do a lot
is to just see what's in my virtual environment
is do a pip list.
And that's not supported yet either.
But freeze is, and list is coming.
You know, but so just use free.
- I didn't actually, just for some reason,
I think there's like a 50/50 split of people
that use generally pip freeze over lists.
What are you a freeze person or a list person?
- I'm a list person these days,
but that's because, yeah,
because I don't use pip freeze to generate
like the requirements.txt, I use pip compile.
- Right, but pip freeze will just like list out
which, what things you have installed and what versions.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And that's what I want list for.
So I don't know why I use list, but anyway.
- Yeah, that's true.
- Pretty fun.
- Yeah, okay, a couple of pieces of real-time follow-up.
First of all, Ofek Lev from Hatch says,
"The next minor release of Hatch will have an option
"to use UV under the hood instead of pip and virtual ENV."
Hooray!
- Yeah.
- I love Hatch, I've been doing like,
doing a lot of stuff with Hatch lately
and it's really, really nice.
So Ofek, you're killing it, keep it up, very nice.
And you mentioned talks, Henry Schreiner,
who I see some comments from him out there as well,
says, "With the Knox back-in, using UV in the Knox back-in,
"it drops the time taken to build the docs
"from 22 seconds to four seconds."
So, you know, that's, you know,
it's not like 22 seconds is gonna change the world at all
if they just didn't take 22 seconds to build the docs.
But the faster these things get,
the more willing you're just like,
to do them more iteratively and, you know,
get tight in that feedback loop and stuff like that.
So, like for example, with Ruff, you know, and PyCharm,
now you can just check the box, like,
run Ruff onto this project when I hit save.
You know, if it took five seconds to do that,
you would never check that.
That would not even be a box you could check, right?
- Yeah.
- But, because it's so fast.
So, hopefully I'm not missing anything else
from folks out there, but this stuff is,
this stuff's really neat and I am super excited.
I would love if some of the things they learned from this
could be brought back into standard PIP,
just to make standard pip faster too,
that would still be cool.
- Yeah, and this, I guess that brings up a side question,
is really how much energy there's gonna be around
supporting the other tools that are getting replaced
by things that Astral's building.
But there's, yeah, anyway,
we'll have that conversation later maybe.
(laughs)
- Yeah, Opec agrees with you that much of the speed up
comes from the way they're doing caching.
Very, very nice.
So, you know, people check this out.
It's been a few days and it's,
things are going fast in this space, so.
- Yeah. - Very, very exciting.
Let's go on to the next topic.
All right, Brian, Jupyter Notebooks
have definitely taken over as a really interesting way
for creating, writing Python code, visualizing Python code,
sharing it, communicating with it.
And obviously, Will McGugan's work with Rich
and then on from there, Textual
is doing amazing stuff too, right?
- Yeah.
- What if those came together,
like peanut butter and jelly or whatever it is
that you put together that goes together well?
- So David-- - Peanut butter and chocolate, man.
- Yes, okay, sorry, Reese's Pieces, I got it.
- Okay.
- David Brochart says,
"I just published my first blog post, which is,"
we go over here, "JP Term,
"Jupyter in the Terminal built on Textual and Rich."
- Yeah, baby. - How cool is that?
- That's great. - Yeah, that's.
There's a bunch of terminal fun stuff
that's based on this, on Textual
and other things that we could cover,
but this is what I'm covering today.
I'll save the other for next time.
So Jupyter in the Terminal, and it says,
well, basically David says,
"Look, the terminal is the new browser
"in the sense that we all have a terminal,
"and if we write to this, it's kind of a simple,
"cool UI that everybody already has,
"so you can just plug stuff into it,
"largely because of all the work
"that they've done over at Textualize
"with Textual and Rich and so on."
All right, so he said,
"Look at all these widgets we already have."
So there's a select widget,
and there's a whole bunch of others.
But if we view this, I'll open a new tab.
Maybe open image in a new tab.
Oh, it's downloading, hold on,
because of course it is.
Open this up.
It's JupyterLab side-by-side with jpterm.
And check it out.
It's like you've got your cells,
you've got your in-unit bracket,
and quite similar, huh?
What do you think about this?
- That's incredible.
That's pretty cool.
- Yeah, so it's got,
let me go back to the article here.
If you go down, it's got graphing.
It's got charts for it.
And he says basically one of the real similar things
to compare it to might be JupyterLite,
because JupyterLite is a WebAssembly-based
all front-end Jupyter,
and this is client,
doesn't even need a server, right,
because it just runs.
Although he does point out with Textual Web,
realized, is a way to put this on the internet
and share it as well.
But here, look, here's a bunch of cool graphs
over time in the terminal.
So this is a super early,
almost a proof of concept,
even has images, which is interesting.
(David laughs)
- That's terrible, though, don't do that.
- They're bad, yeah.
Like, if you long for like Commodore 64 days,
you got something in store for you.
But you can see it's quite new.
It's just been created like four months ago
and just announced, I think, pretty recently.
So people go check this out.
David is, I think, a Jupyter core dev,
or at least a contributor over there.
So yeah, interesting to see where this goes.
- Yeah, let's see, cool.
You know what else is cool?
- Our sponsor.
- Yes.
- Indeed, indeed they are.
So let me tell you real quick about Doubt APM.
They're big supporters of Python Bytes,
so we appreciate that very much.
So if you are tired of spending hours
trying to find the root cause of issues
impacting your performance,
then you owe it to yourself to check out Scout APM.
They're a leading Python application
performance monitoring tool, APM,
that helps you identify and solve
performance abnormalities faster and easier.
Scout APM ties bottlenecks such as memory leaks,
slow database queries, background jobs,
and the dreaded N+1 queries that you can end up
if you do lazy loading in your ORM,
and then you say, "Oh no, why is it so slow?
"Why are you doing 200 database queries
"for what should be one?"
So you can find out things like that.
And it links it back directly to source code,
so you can spend less time in the debugger
and healing logs and just finding the problems
and moving on.
And you'll love it because it's built
for developers by developers.
It makes it easy to get set up.
Seriously, you can do it in less than four minutes,
so that's awesome.
And the best part is the pricing is straightforward.
You only pay for the data that you use
with no hidden overage fees or per seat pricing.
And I just learned this, Brian,
they also have, they provide the pro version for free
to all open source projects.
So if you're an open source maintainer
and you want to have Scout APM for that project,
just shoot them a message or something
on their pricing page about that.
So you can start your free trial
and get instant insights today.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/scout.
The link is in your podcast player show notes as well.
And please use that link.
Don't just search for them because otherwise,
they don't think you came from us.
And then they'd stop supporting the show.
So please use our link, pythonbytes.fm/scout.
Check them out.
It really supports the show.
- Awesome.
- Yeah.
All right, over to you.
What's next?
- I've got a little topic.
Martin Hines wrote a blog post called
Everything You Can Do with the Python's Text Wrap Module.
And I love the Text Wrap Module.
And I think that more people,
I think a lot of people just forget about it.
But it's very useful.
- Yeah, Brian, do you have that feeling
where like you've spent half a day
implementing some algorithm,
then you're like, oh, that was a function
I could have just called?
- Yeah, exactly.
Text Wrap is that.
Yeah.
And every time I come back to it, I'm like,
oh, I'm still using stuff that I shouldn't.
So it's a pretty short article.
Go through a few of the features of Text Wrap.
First off, it's shortened.
So if you wanna make a piece of text shorter,
you can use shorten.
And it's cool because it also does a placeholder thing.
So it'll put like dot, dot, dots,
and brackets or something,
or whatever placeholder you want to say,
there's more text there.
It's just, we've cut it off.
And it looks really nice.
Easy to use.
You just call it.
It's just a function.
But then there's Wrap, which seems obvious,
but can do word wrapping.
So you can split a long chunk of text into multiple lines,
but you can also do it.
One of the things I like here is this is,
said, well, yes, of course you can use it
for splitting long lines into different multiple lines,
but also even if you're not gonna print it like that,
it's very useful if you're gonna batch work on text,
you can split a big chunk of text into small
or even size batches to work on those.
That's a pretty cool use case for that.
I like it.
There is, there's even,
you can specify drop whitespace keyword for that.
That's pretty cool.
I didn't know about that.
Neat.
There's a class also.
So a lot of the stuff you can do with TextWrap,
you can do within an object.
So there's a TextWrapper class
that you can create a TextWrapper object
and do a whole bunch of work with that multiple times
and only specify it once in the constructor.
Very cool.
And then at the bottom, last but not least,
is my favorite use of TextWrap is ddent.
So ddent will take, like,
if you've got a multi-line string and it's in your code,
so it's all like off,
you know, it's indented with the rest of your code,
that multi-line will have a whole bunch of extra,
like, extra whitespace on the left,
and you don't really want that
when you're actually using it.
And ddent will take out those extra left whitespace.
And that, I love that.
And this seems like a weird thing to have built in,
but I use it a whole bunch of times,
often in writing tests,
because I've got a multi-line string
that I wanna compare to some output,
and I don't want it at the global level,
I want it, you know, in my test function.
So I can just do that and use ddent to get it back to.
- Right, 'cause it would look weird,
left-aligned inside of an indented function, right?
- Yeah.
So, I mean, you can, it just looks ugly, so.
- Yeah, you just, you lose the flow of where it belongs.
Yeah. - Yeah.
So TextWrap, it's there, it's fun, use it.
- You already have it.
It's in Python.
- Yeah. - Yeah, very nice.
All right, let's talk about some design principles
for the web here.
This is not exactly Python,
but it certainly links back to some cool things in Python.
And it's this place I ran across
called html-burst.com, right?
And the idea is, there seems to be some fatigue,
like, you know how in JavaScript, it used to be so easy,
you would include a script,
or if you were doing something super small,
you maybe would just say script tag,
and you would write a bit of JavaScript
right in the page, and then you'd carry on,
you're like, oh, that was easy, look, that just worked.
And then it said, oh, well, now we're gonna put it over
on this other place, no, we wanna like minify it,
and also we're gonna shake it down
to only include the parts that we use,
and we'll do the same for the CSS.
And then you need this build step,
and then we're gonna compile it from TypeScript
to JavaScript, and then shake it down
to not include this, like, what?
And then you're gonna, you know, include it with import,
export it with node, you're just like, what is,
why is this so hard?
Why are there so many steps to this thing
that used to be so easy, right?
And so this is kind of like, can we just not have that
as like the default way of working already?
So HTML, we'll get to HTML, HTML first is a set
of guidelines for making it easier, faster,
and more maintainable to build web software
by leveraging the default capabilities of modern browsers.
I learned something I didn't know from here
that I used to do with JavaScript
that I will never do again if I don't have to, so awesome.
And then the extreme simplicity of HTML's attribute syntax
and, you know, keeping the view source alive, right?
Used to be able to go to the website,
like, how did they do that?
That's cool, view source.
Now it's just like one tiny line of like a bunch of stuff
that triggers JavaScript stuff, you know, like, oh, well.
- Or how did they do that?
Oh, it's a bunch of divs.
- Yes, exactly.
And so the goal is, you know, try to widen the pool
of people who enjoy web development.
Also, you can make it less expensive for your company
because it's just less complex.
So it's not just, you know, dev yells at the cloud
because people are making it hard, right?
Screams it into the sky, but some practices, right?
So there's some examples, prefer vanilla approaches.
And so, for example, did you know,
you could say details, summary, and then stuff below it.
And if you click the summary,
it'll expand the thing below it.
No JavaScript.
I didn't either.
- No JavaScript?
Wow.
- Yeah, how about that?
And then, so they have a encouraged versus discouraged.
And here's like import React, user state from React,
create a details component, which is an arrow function,
which returns a constant of things
and toggling the content.
And then you on click, you like,
then you export the detail.
This is the import export I was railing against, right?
So that's one.
Prefer just, if you can do it as basic HTML
or even basic JavaScript, like don't go over the top.
And where possible, practice two.
Where possible, define,
default to defining styles and behaviors
with inline attributes,
with things like Tailwind or Tacheons.
And you can use libraries like Hyperscript and Alpine.
And it says you're, yes, it does mean your HTML
gets a little bit busier,
but you don't have to go to three places
to figure out what's happening.
So for example, it says encouraged, button on click,
this.classlist.add background green.
Discouraged, you have a results pane that says click me.
And then you have a CSS section
that actually what happens when you do that,
changes the color to green.
Then you have some JavaScript that gets it.
And then when it's done, you set the class,
which then goes back to CSS.
And these are usually mushed all over the place.
And you're like, what is happening, right?
And it says, you'll notice the separation of concerns
is kind of not so much awesome here.
However, you should maybe consider the locality of behavior
more than you should worry about separation concerns.
And HTMX, Carson Gores has a nice essay on this.
Like, yes, you might repeat yourself sometimes,
but right there, you see everything that's happening
instead of having it so spread out, right?
- Yeah.
- All right, next, go ahead, Brian.
- I just wanted to comment.
One of the things that I like about this sort of model
is that I'm frequently learning like new web frameworks.
Like I'm working on learning Django
and, you know, FastAPI and others.
And a lot of times it's templating that I'm working on
and to understand how it's gonna get output,
keeping the templates simple in like mostly HTML
helps with discoverability and learning something new.
So even if it isn't like a production thing later,
but it might be, starting out simple
really helps the learning process.
- Yeah, oh, absolutely.
And you also have to learn fewer things, right?
- Yeah.
- You have to learn three other frameworks
and build tools and so on.
- All right, another one is about try to use libraries.
If you gotta use libraries,
try to use ones that leverage HTML attributes
over JavaScript and custom attributes.
Like HTMX is a real nice example of that.
To say disfavor build steps.
So encourage the ability to say stylesheet/styles.css.
Discourage, distribute, output, NPX, CSS,
compile with a watch and then don't forget to run that.
And then why is this not updating?
You know, all these different things.
And then finally, this one,
I think the HTMX is really relevant to Python folks,
but also this one, their example is Ruby,
but it just as well could be any,
the WTF forms, is that what it is?
I think it is.
The form builder type stuff.
You see a lot of that actually in Django.
It says prefer naked HTML to obfuscation layers
that compile down to HTML.
So you know, just, you got a form,
just write the form, put the values in it.
Instead of, you know, form with,
and then form like label for this,
form text field for that part of the model and so on.
Right?
So anyway, and finally preserve some,
some view source for us all,
because it'll help everyone.
But anyway, I like this and I, you know,
it's interesting to think of as a philosophy.
- Yeah.
- The build steps, they also reference like,
a whole bunch of people, how it used to be completely like,
oh, you're such a noob if you want to skip having
like a bunch of build tools along the way,
but references for different articles
and places where people are writing about like,
you know what, we're done with this build stuff.
We're just writing CSS.
We're just writing JavaScript.
We're going to go with that.
So anyway, pretty, pretty well backed up
some of these ideas.
- Nice.
- And that's all of our main items.
You can see there are tabs left for me.
So that means I must have extras, but what about you?
- I do have extras.
Do you want to go through yours since they're up?
Or do you want to?
- Sure, let's do it.
All right.
So first of all, Vincent Warmerdum says,
hey, a new PI data location, Pittsburgh.
So there's a call for proposals at PI data, Pittsburgh.
Let's see, when is it?
Hopefully it's not over.
So yeah, so if you want to speak,
if you're in the general Pittsburgh area,
or you want to be, then check out PI data, Pittsburgh
and go submit some talks there.
It, let's see when this is going to be, shortly, April.
- Okay.
- April 11th, I guess.
Anyway, check it out and you can submit a talk there.
That's pretty cool.
Just want to bring out one more example.
You know, Ryan, I riff on, or I rip on the ad space
and I say, look, we should run ad blockers.
We should not support these people.
And I know some folks are out there like,
well, but then you're not supporting creators.
You're not supporting the small folks
who have Google ads on their site or whatever.
And I don't know, I just,
I think the trade-off is not really worth it.
So I just want to point out one more example
of like terrible stuff that's happening.
So our own Oregon Senator Ron Wyden
is starting an investigation because a data broker
who gets data from, you know, all these different sources
like ad retargeting stuff,
used abortion clinic visitor location data
because their endpoints were not blocked
by some sort of DNS block or something.
- Wow.
- To help send targeted misinformation to vulnerable women.
How terrible, right?
- Yeah, awful.
- So I think we all should just stand up to,
stand up to the, like the retargeting, remarketing,
like we don't have to.
- That has nothing to do with trying to make money
for content creators.
- Yeah, I know.
Except for that the data flows into these shady places,
right?
And then they, you know, they already have it.
So instead of trying to sell them shoes,
like let's do something terrible like that.
So, yeah.
All right, anyway, next DNS.io folks.
Okay.
So for proposals is also open for a very close nearby
SciPy 2024, which is awesome.
This will be in Tacoma, Brian,
just a short hop and a skip up I-5 North from us.
- That'd be fun.
- Yeah, so July 8th to 14th.
I wish I could make it,
but I am already tied up hanging around the house.
My wife is traveling for work at that time
and somebody has to stay with the dog and the kid.
So I'm not going to this.
- I have a feeling that's the same timeframe
as Oregon Country Fair.
So I probably can't either.
- Yeah, but anyway, there's a lot of people out there
who can and a call for proposals are out,
but you must act.
You must act.
Soon you have exactly seven days to get this ish,
depending on when you listen.
But as I speak, you have about seven days
to get your talk proposal in.
So please go do that.
- All right, February 27th is that end time.
Okay.
A handful of topics.
pytest 8.01, 8.0.1 is out.
And why is this important?
One, it's the first bug fix since 8.0 came out
and it has the bug that bugged me.
So there was a regression where if you parameterization
would go backwards for some reason.
- Yeah, we talked about that before.
That's cool.
- So that's fixed.
So I've got it updated to 8.01 everywhere I'm using pytest.
Okay, next, if you'd like to understand
dependency injection, Hinnick has a new video out,
loose coupling and dependency injection, the easy way.
And I really like the dude
and I like what he's doing up on YouTube.
So that's fun.
Plus, dependency injection is not as complicated
as it sounds and he'll show you.
But I freaked out the first time that people were like,
"Oh, fixtures, they're kind of like dependency injection."
I'm like, "I don't know what you're talking about."
- They are kind of like dependency injection, indeed.
- Yeah, I had a guest, Nicole, on Python Test recently.
This hasn't been aired yet,
but when we were talking about something
completely different and I mentioned all of the Rust
that's coming into Python community.
And I said, "But I mean, I wanna try to learn Rust,
but I don't have a lot of time."
And she said, "Oh, we had the same problem at work."
So I wrote a tutorial.
So there's a yar.fyi, yar is yet another Rust resource,
but the idea-- - Pirate friendly.
- Yeah, pirate friendly. - Yar.
- It's a Rust tutorial, but intended for people
that already know how to program, they just don't know Rust.
And so I'm kind of excited to jump into that.
Okay, what else?
Oh, yeah, I'm looking for trying to ramp up interviews
for Python people.
So if there's just some interesting stuff
around the Python community that you'd like me to talk to,
or if you'd like me to talk to you, reach out.
And the first episode was Michael Kennedy.
It was a good episode,
but there's only been 12 episodes so far,
but I wanna get more out.
And then the last thing I wanted to know,
there's an interesting thing, phenomenon out there.
Did you know that there's people still using X?
- Yes, I've seen them.
There are many of them over there, actually.
- I am officially following zero people
just to like as a protest.
I don't really, I show up there about once a month
to check my direct messages.
So if you wanna contact me,
I will probably reply to you eventually,
but just warning, I'm not there very often.
- Indeed, indeed.
Awesome, well, a bunch of great items.
How about we talk about some unfortunate architectural
or vendor-based decisions as part of our joke here.
You ready?
Have you seen this joke?
Did you look ahead?
- I have not looked ahead.
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Beautiful, all right.
You ready?
- Yeah. - Do the joke.
So here we are.
I got this over on Reddit,
and of course I zoomed it in.
So why are we using SAP again
when there's this open source thing
that is so much simpler?
Or why are we using Oracle again for this?
Because whatever.
So there's an angry team lead or something.
Why did we end up with a solution?
A couple of people are like, "Cool savings,
time savings maybe."
And then someone like a hipster looking dude in the back
is like, "The vendor sent me a Yeti Tumbler."
(both laughing)
So they grab him and throw him out the window.
Why are we stuck with this crappy system?
It's like whatever.
Well, it's conference swag basically.
- Yeah.
I think the real answer is usually
the best options were all free
and we needed to have to pay somebody.
- Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
None of them had an SLA, but it's like, but--
- Do you have a Yeti Tumbler?
- I have one of these like soft Yeti coolers
that we'll take when we go out camping
or boating or something,
but I don't have a Tumbler now, I don't believe so.
You?
- I had to look it up.
I didn't even know what this was, but--
- Oh yeah.
This is like the Roll,
Yeti is like the Rolls Royce of like hillbilly land, I guess.
They're like super, super nice coolers.
- If you want a thermos for your coffee,
but you don't wanna spend $10,
you wanna spend $40, get a Yeti.
- Yeah, yeah.
We have a lot of Yeti stuff actually.
It's really nice.
I'm just joking.
- Bougie.
- What if stuff got warm, Brian?
What if it got warm?
What if your beer got a little bit warm
and your mountains and your cores,
they weren't blue anymore.
They turned whatever color they're not when they're not blue,
whatever color they are when they're not blue.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like the world of Coors beer cans has a can
that when it's like a certain temperature,
the mountains on the can turn blue.
And if it's like too warm,
they like turn white or something.
I don't know what other color.
- Okay, so--
- This is a very serious problem.
- We had a couple options.
We could have made better beer or a better can.
We chose a better can.
- What do you see when you're shopping?
Come on now.
(laughing)
- Awesome.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Fun as always.
Thank you for being here and thank you everyone
for listening.